Good afternoon everyone
thank you very much to Alberto Lopo
well how sodoma understand that on this day
also very well very important because it is perhaps the first gesture of
barquisimeto was exit holly olympic city many thanks to a president
of the group mahou-san miguel puga
for letting us truly magnificent facilities with so many
victory and also have here to celebrate this case
plate the presence of the president of the federation proceed the presence of his
national premiere
it seems the different person players
and of all the media communication for us this is also another challenge
another challenge since we have
For the future, a thrilling challenge is not simply a commercial agreement of
collaboration with the brand as a wildcard
but also active participation in projects that are going to be important
we have talked about that we are the immediate challenge
a challenge that we already have that with the male team web ranking
but that we are naturally convinced of the female team going to
the Olympic Games
but what will happen in 2004 as the forgiveness from 2008 to 2012 of 2012 to
In that aspect
we have tackled a
important campaign
of promotion challenge to try to have a ball in each house
try that we are going to study last corner in that good aspect I think that in
the mark and min
is one of the brands that wanted to collaborate was going to collaborate very
actively in these projects
why with us the start more than one of a cyclone prevented
of a clean cycle that I hope and wish would be very successful
that we are going to prepare not only very conscientiously
and that at the end I wish for both boys and girls
Well, inside the quesitos we all depend on integration, so
thank you very much everyone for your presence and I hope and wish that
what are these t-shirts that bob and the whole town at the end are remembered as the
Olympic success shirt
that is already a little bit of a journey and a time since
from what I think I'm in top form but
efe for at least could not share with you that the frob is
cool
very participant that today we are here that enjoyment comes out aggressive and strong
these are very very very important and he does out his protest many of the
but that also what they are going to play because in the end they have their point of
reference in place for divers
you made me
so his back injury
then he was transferred all over that nation
since then wherever
a sports administrator and I'm even interested in eta and sep members
If it's about
everything is decided
we make a company and we have wells quito
i the number of our coso that day
2 3 in the second and waiting for these to buy more things were made nk
To suffer a lot
Thank you
you have to read more